 The meeting has started with later. I'm mixture of them. But I think it's fine. Welcome to the business resident for our first sitting. For the committee of the Afro-AI Commodes Cooperative Society. Today is the 24th of May in case you all didn't know. And today marks the first month since we did the gathering. So it was going to be a day to plan because I had planned the meeting to be the other weekend if Maria was around. But it's like Maria not being around the post. Now the meeting to this date which coincided with the founding gathering which was for me to see. As a person who loves to see synchronicity and who believes in like seeing. So it was, I'm like, oh, this is nice. So colleagues, we have started moving. We have started moving. And I have a distraction in the name. The distraction is considered as a free speech. I ask for the activity to be switched off. Please. I want to be watching the show. Please. I want the activity to be switched off. I'm not sure if it will be. If you want, if this is not as important, it's all that. Please, please continue. But I don't want the football to be only available. You want me to match the last game of the season. So today we meet for the first time as a committee. And it is like I was saying, it is nice that we start moving. So what is the purpose of this meeting? This meeting has three purposes. By the close of the meeting, of this committee meeting, our committee should be operational. What does that mean? We now have roles. I'm the chairman, I'm the vice chairman. I realize that the public safety secretary is the general secretary. And the legal leader, Maria, is the finance. So we want, by the end of the meeting, for us to be all know in what am I doing, what am I bringing to this, why was I even called in the first place? So today, what does each of us live today knowing one? What the comment currently is, because we're talking for example, was there for the founding gathering, but even like some of because Maria was scared that she hopes she understands what am I going to talk about. But today we are not here to see the vision of the comments for a hundred years. No, we want to do things sequentially in sequence. So right now, what exists is the comments does not exist, does a cooperative, because we have introduced that. We are still in that process. So I was thinking, before we lay down to our visions and stuff like that, this has to be done first. So each of us lives today knowing what the comment currently is and where the discretion stands. What each of us will carry for the next 90 days, I wanted us to do this in the quotas. What? Nisadze, or I don't like the Asadze. But in 90 days, right? So we know from now, this is 24th May, June July August, by 24 August, what do we have? What is present? Then by the end of this meeting, everyone of us should know how this committee works, how decisions are made, how communication is made, how minutes are written, and the review of how we want the committee meetings to be going. Because this is not going to be the last committee meeting. Then also in this meeting, we shall live with us knowing what is required of us maybe in the next seven days. Because we live the meeting, we attack immediately, we shall have things to do. Then we also need to live the committee knowing when we are going to sit again. What do you guys think? Yeah, so that we know when we are sitting again. So what is this sitting? What this sitting does not try to resolve? We don't have, like I said, the cooperative does not exist now legally. We are talking about composition structures, equity models, employment, architecture, constitutionary designs, all those things. So the shape of the day, this is a day long gathering, like it was from 11 a.m. after this time. It was designed to be something like a village tradition that was the inspo. Where you come together, you cook together, all together, and after you chill, and you talk or drink or whatever it is. That was the inspiration that village still, like the commons, is because the phrase of the commons or the... But the wedding is the village or the algorithm. It was also nice to like when I thought about it, I'm like, oh, it actually also goes back to actually that village. So the meeting holds to register simultaneously relational in the first way we cooked with each other. And now operational where we are going to do, operational stuff. So I didn't want the commons in the beginning to have that cooperative look of that boring. So our meetings shall be, we don't have to cook all the time, but they should be something relating us before the meeting begins and then when we begin operations. And none for us at the commons is better than the other. Relational is not better than operational. Operation is not better than relational. We need both. So for example, you didn't know, you guys didn't know each other, apart from Dan who came and slept. I feel like we have each like bounded, which was like dope. So for me, I believe that these are both necessary for the work and for the people doing it. Ask the people doing it and the work itself. So for us, we believe that the committee that deliver its is the committee that also prepares the meals and all those things. So now to the way to the dinner again, that more way we start doing commons activities. We have still have to be as involved as this. It doesn't stop here, Maria. Of course, we have to lead by example. So I wanted us to have it in the first meeting so that when we talking about it, you have experienced it by yourself. So the agenda had arrived on gathering. We did that shared cooking. We did that shared meal. We did that transition and settling in. We've done that. So we are now going to have our opening ritual for the commons. The state of the commons, roles and working principles. Castor di Handover of institutional materials. I'm carrying so much material right now that I need to circulate. For example, we have written, we have the constitution of the cooperative. We have the by-laws that we are signing. Then we have our own by-laws of the cooperative. And then we have what else we have, the articles of association of the cooperative. Then we also have the manifesto which I want all of us to take a copy of. Let's know what the commons is. Because now we are not going to talk about our own vision. But at least it's trying to be knowledge about what this is. Of course, it's a process we keep planning. Even I, who is the vision bearer of this, I still keep planning the commons. Finances, then we shall also castor di Handover of institutional materials. I've talked about that. Then finances. Money that came in for the gathering that we had. Who gave what they gave, what it did. Because we need to be as transparent. We can talk about it. Yes. Colleagues. There is a done Maria. We have to be as transparent as possible. Quite. Because if we are transparent, this is how we impact more. And this is how we also are trusted to make more impact. And for me, if you ask me, I'm not in this for the money. If the money is going to come, we are going to get a lot of money. We are going to get a lot of points. That is not the point guys. The point is the village and the child who is there. Who the commons we need in its products, in its everything. So finances, that was very important. Then also in finances, then we shall add the budgets. We need to know what we need for the next 90 days. Done has been, we have a professor friend of ours, who is that Makere, and done has been really telling me we should go and see him. And you're right, but this is what I was waiting for. For us to first sit, so that when we sit, we make a budget. Now we have, I really ask, this is what we need. This is how much we need it. With this is why we need it, this is when we shall need it, and stuff like that. So I feel like now after this week, we shall be now in a very good position now to go and meet professor because now we have, like we're working in terms. So finances and budgets, then done also protein. He emailed me some week, and then he sent me a registration truck or something that can help us to register to see where we are with registration. So we shall also see that, and then we shall see our 90 day working stream. Then we shall see, comments has smart chat state, that is going to be our first product. So we need, remember when Maria went, we are looking for money, also part of the money was to make our product. So now we need to be honest where the product is, what is each three, what we don't have, so that we know what one. Decisions taken, opening conversations closing, which are then departure. So before the working session begins, first of all, the comments is extremely intentional about inclusion. First, for women, secondly, for disabled people. Extremely, it's even constitutional, it is an hour of frustration. Why, why, why, why is it important? We are going to be designing eye products for kids. We cannot keep designing things like West and take down. Because for us we believe abilities difference. Maria is dyslexic, I don't know what that was, she doesn't understand it. And in our designing of product, that is going to be one of the things that we have to make sure that we do quite well. So in this meeting, there should be what I call the director of accessibility. Like someone who should maybe accept the place for, if we had any disabled member, which would be not a person. So in this meeting, who do we have present, there is Tresigomoi. Is my name? My name is Rita Chievo. I am Saini Meyant. That's of this woman. Maria and her. Okay. So all of us now are a little bit acquainted with each other, which is nice and really new. Our sales, but I want to also that to be like real name, or as here. The naming of the place, and the name of the place, this place that we already saw was given to us by Dr. Eunice and Samsung, and her homebar for free. They didn't start us any money because now this is a money making venture. So even if they occupy it, they should be charged, but they get it to us for free. So we appreciate them a lot. Yeah. So working principles, these are working principles me that I came up with that I need us for all of us to agree on and see if they work. So number one, this committee is a working body. It's not a ceremony of body. In this meeting, decisions are written down because we believe that unwritten decisions do not exist. Okay. So Mr. Secretary, our decisions, we shall leave them to be written down. Money is recorded clearly and physically, no exception. Okay. K-Awak, preparation, nourishment, hosting, cleaning, we name it Antoné. It's not in this meeting. The asker is going to help us wash the dishes. He has to be named, that he did that for us on this day. Secretary washed the dishes in the morning and also he worked out here and there. We have to be named as Rehwapal's fine, am I so insistent on this? We do not want K-Awak to go unnoticed in the common. Okay. This is how we then keep whatever I can. So K-Awak is as important as the person who bought money. He was a very bad person. Who would be a user of a little, a criminal, is as important as us who are here also are delivering these things. In this committee, each person carries their stream. No single person carries everything. That is why I told you guys. Because I want us now, I want to be doing things that are good at things that he has done. Things that he has done, things that he has done to them. Things that he has done to them. Things that he has done to them. Things that he has done to them. Same. Okay. This committee solves the membership and the institution of the common, not our individual. In this committee, Wap will move weekly. Each, every sitting, ends with named owners and named deadlines. The momentum is not the inspiration. Yes, we shall fail to keep deadlines on what people have stopped like that. But you still have to know that we are doing this. This is how long I might need to do it. Because now Maria has a job. With her has a job. I have a job. So that's done. I'm the one who is working full time at the common. So of course we don't expect you to be giving the common too much. I don't know time. Right? But yeah. But then we also need to be extremely intentional. About the time we give the common. One of us, like, we also don't really desire our as a being for the common. Let it be two hours. And then we are actually doing real work. Okay. So not having the common's work on your mind and saying, Oh, I need to do this now. We need to be, I need to know. We need to know that I hear is that. I need to be almost scared. I have to be more scared here and I have gone back. I have a week here, the common is a couple of jiu-a, six hours. Four, five hours, one hour per day, what's that in minutes per day? And then now we structure a well in those 30 minutes work. What can we actually achieve? Right? Do you think that works? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So in this community, the sub-rement is well-comeed. Very well-comeed. Very well-comeed. Okay? I was talking to Maria the other day. What is the sub-rement that we want in this? The sub-rement for me is, first of all, let's say we believe, all of us believe that kids should eat. Okay? School going kids should eat. I'm just using this as an example. All of us are the commoners believe that. Okay? The sub-rement is in how kids eat, not in how, if we don't think kids should eat. So for example, the common's has to educate African children. That is not up for debate. What is up for debate where the sub-rement comes in is how now do we do it? We thought we could achieve the primary school kids for now. But it may have been at boundless and done this, we should start with this. That is where we start. We've come from. But not the real, the way it makes sense. Yeah. So if we are saying, K-1 is extremely important. Now, how do we, the sub-rement is, how do we compensate the work? Not that they are. But me, I don't think K-1 is important at all. As we believe K-1 is important. Okay? So the sub-rement is welcomed. And we, but she touched it like we, we want it to happen. Okay? That's it is something encouraging. It encourages, I think, that's the word that we want. Yeah. The sub-rements are really encouraged. In this meeting, we shall look to be classist. Educated, overeducated, a band of affiliates, able to over-disappoint, men of our women, elder, as I don't think you, I think that is the youngest here. Your voice is as important to the comments as mine, as Dan, as Nau-Daz, as Shea-Hem-Bos. Okay? So I don't want you to quick and always think that young women would love to put whatever. So your own discomity, what is we are one out of five? So your mind is 20%. So my 20% is not more important than your 20%, not more important than the comments meet all of our 20%. So whether you're young, whether you're educated, whether you're not with them, whatever you are. On compensation, the comments will not be built on invisible sacrifice or informal extraction. Even during this time when resources are limited, we will be transparent about today, but about operational needs and long-term sustainability. Today we name the principle and the actual architecture will follow once we have operational stability, but we need to know these things. Next to the agenda, Pascal Dihandov of Institutional Materials. So the following materials have been held in the custody of the founding convener me during this founding period. As of this sitting, these materials are recognized as institutional records for the AfroAI Commons Corporate in Society and shall form a repass into the custody of the Commons and the stewardship of the General Secretary as a people of the record. So our General Secretary Mr. Pents on Trustee Gouman is the one in charge of taking care of the documents that we have now. So like I said, the review, we have the Constitution of the AfroAI Commons. It has two articles. Name, identity and purpose, foundation of principles, membership, ownership and commons assets, democratic governance and institutional structure, rights dignity and inclusion, safeguarding, child protection and protection from abuse, work, care and social protection. Guys, I think you can hear the amount of what they say that we're at care. It's also in the Constitution. Work, care and protection. Education for the variation. Knowledge, language and cultural continuity. Data, technology, partnership and algorithmic governance. Finance, stewardship and public accountability. Constitutional interpretation, amendment, anti-capture, succession and continuity. This is the draft of what we shall be using to run the commons in the foundation stage. However, this will still be up for. Because in the future, I am hoping to bring people who know this work more than I did for them to build on what's the original idea of the commons work. So all these documents, we have to know that they exist. We have the Constitution of the cooperative. We have the articles of association of the cooperative. Those also exist. This one, the guys that were at the founding gathering, you saw it. And we have the by-laws of our cooperative. Now, these two by-laws. These are by-laws that we have to sign all of us, right? These go to the government. I don't know how many books about the government. Three. So we are signing four copies. So as you can see, Dhamma and Daya started on that work already. So we've been moving around gathering signatures for this so that we attack real-time. So we have one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nineteen, eleven, twelve. Twelve out of thirty. We need thirty guys for the founding, whatever. So we already have twelve. So forty, something percent, which is done. Which is for me, it's good work from me and Dhamma. Then our thing, we have the by-laws of this that we are going to follow the government. Then we have our by-laws. Basically, we have the cooperative we are fed. And so we have things like all elections and appointments and the constitutional parties shall be administered in a manner consistent with agenda parity principle of the constitution, things like those. So you also need to be quite knowledgeable about this. We will have them also in South copies so we can share them and also and be referring to them. The committee shall also discuss and establish procedures for the physical preservation, digital archiving access and continuity of these records. So we have a constitution that by loads founding, we just start with the founding, we just are so for the people that we are there for the founding gathering. That they will not be put. We kept them so that in the future, Maria's grandchildren can know that this thing that really these guys built the Ywaheb Ywah time and my grandmother was there. So yeah, so we have them, we should be able to make a so people sign that the people that we are there on that day. This is also a very important record for them. Then minutes of the founding for us, 24th, Dan and I came up with two minutes. There's the minutes Dan intimately to me that they have to be the way they are because they are for the government and then there's also a very detailed piece of the minutes of what really happened that evening. So for us, we have two minutes of what happened that day. What we shall give the government and our archive that we shall keep. Founding archive and media assets, here is we have these also, we have the photos that came from the founding gathering. We have that video like I told you, we have also that alone one, the one that covered the whole meeting, the live video. Then now we also have the archive from today, what happened today. So I was looking to our areas and I was telling her that we shall need to do something I hope, 44 core. So for like comments meetings, if you can capture something, a video, anything that makes you happy, no pressure, you don't have to do this. But it is like when you go somewhere, you capture a video, or a picture, anything. So I was telling her that in meetings like this, I would want us to keep an archive. So for example, we have an archive for today, where we have videos, I hear is a recorded on her own, yearly and other that day. Now I have mine, Maria also has her, you probably have years then, could have years and be different, but over the same day. So that in 20 years, when people are now looking, for example, what happened to the first, they have different perspective of what was going on. Because what I chose to capture today is what, in one day, I was not just in capture. I had a registration truck that we shall see it. Now let's go to finances. And Maria and I met, in the week, in the week, with her, Maria is so proactive. I love working with her so much. So I told her that we shall need to, we need to handle other finance things to her. And she looked like, oh yeah, oh then we need to, we need to meet up first. And then we discussed, and then, so we met, and then I showed her the figures and what happened. And we also agreed that every 30 days, to be able to afford your finance things, you very much may have. Sit for Maria. What money did we receive? How much did we receive? Who did we receive it from? We did doing, right? Every 30 months, we know as a committee and we also post in the group. Guys, we received it as much money, and this is what it is doing, and whatever. I feel like 30 days might be, for sure, maybe 40 days. Well, 40 days, 40 days, we report with narrative and financial. Because 30 days, sometimes, we might not receive money. But usually, if progressive hotelry for gives a bigger picture, of what has been happening, and it shows the amount of work that has been done. And can you tap here, Rita? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and each, maybe I can raise my voice. And usually, hotelry puts, give a bigger picture. Somebody is able to, to see that there's been some progress from there. Last time, I got a wrap up to, to currently. But in 30 days, it might be too short, to give that sort of big update. Unless it's re-agent, or it's maybe a big donation, that you can't keep to yourselves. You can put it out in a sense of an impact report. So, you're such people able to, to sort of see the bigger picture. Right. Rather than breaking it down in small pieces. Yeah. What you think, Maria? Yeah. Look at it. That's what I think here, Rita, for that. I have sort of finances. Well, how? So, colleagues, we started receiving money a month before the gathering happened. That money was supposed to cater for the gathering and for our first product, SmartChat's day. Right. So, we received, from, when we first received money after the last money that I got, we received, we received pledges of 7.5.9 million. And we got almost 90% of that money, or 95% because we got 6.589 in cash. Right. So, what were our like 1 million for us to fulfill our thing is? Which was really nice. For the people that gave during this time, we, Maria, we helped to strengthen officially. We need to strengthen officially. Guys, when I see this list, it is extremely, when the chain comes down, it is like people from different, I don't know, man. It is easy. People in banking, there is lawyers, there is guys, I don't know, like it's really, really, really impressive. So, we need to sound really, this guy is Maria. They got the cooperative often running. We had a good event. Don't you guys think we had a good event? We had a good event. Which I felt like for me, gave the couple's, that picture I wanted, I wanted the people to look at it in. Right. Yeah. So, we received, so we, I was working with 6.589 million. The budget was the venue, latitude, just 1.5 million for the venue. Then I had planned 1.5 million for the food and latitude, but then we did get the money. So, we used 843,000, and then we had photography and the guy for documentation, I hear in the media, he charged us 1.7 million shillings. Then we had stationary, let's talk 400K. Then we have, that we had planned a 400K, 400K, but then we are used for 100K. For photography, we had planned 1.7, the budget was 1.7, that is what, which is actually we are supposed to pay. And we paid 8,000, 1.45 million, a Cha banja, you 250K. Right. That is you, Devatova Anja. We created them off, stationary, Devatova Anja, we created that off. Then I found the operating, cause I needed to be, transport coordination, all those things I was doing. I had planned to get, to use 7100K, but I only used 520,000. SmartChat state product, the budgeted amount to millions, no, the budgeted amount was much at state was $800. That's about $2.7.748, that we have paid 1.82, but 1 is 950. So, the Baturván just did it 250, is that 850 from photography? A plus this 950, which is in case this is Maria will be updating as 1.2. So, that is the money we are putting in it right now. The parts that this I think that is it. So, that is the honest account for what came in and what was spent during the founding period. Founding gathering contributions received. Outstanding pledges like Ritas, Ritas has an outstanding pledge. So, that's done. That is, pledges, the pledges that we received that we didn't know that we were pledges. It's about to be done, but we didn't receive cash. It was done to us. Go me $100. Who else would be on Rita 500K and Elia came at 100K? Yeah, that is those are the only people. Outstanding balances, I think we have over, without standing balance, is the photographer guy? Yeah, 100. And then plus the product development. Smart chat operation, of course, I'm going to explain that. And any other outstanding obligations, we have no outstanding obligations for now. So, contributions to dates were used from a shared founding pool across the founding gathering and initial operational activity. The committee now takes cash to a D or the financial life or the commons going forward. No sending me money anymore. That's like done with this. So, the forward bliss was how money would work. All commons money is recorded as institutional money, not personal money. Again, radical financial transparency is a governing practice. Not the values statements that we shall keep seeing again. And the game, care contributions, the commons gathering, food brought, they power preparation hosting, all those items in the institutional record, but not combated into monetary equivalent. So, for example, if you use this place for 400K, then they give us for a wish. I think now say 400K, no, it was given in Dua as part of care. And that's what it should stay as. So, the finance track, Maria, it has to have two cash flows, I mean two records. The financials that came, for example, and then also the care work that came in. So, the finance secretary will produce the first finance report. I don't know how many days we shall discuss. No expenditure now. I don't think they should be now an expenditure that goes without you knowing. So, now every expenditure even though it is going to be both for transports, now we need to make sure that we know all these things. I have a question. Yes, please. What finance systems have been put in place? Yes. Okay. I'm going to talk about that. Yes, I am going to talk about that. I'm going to talk about that. That is the next thing. So, we have... We have a 90-day budget and a plan to see what we are going to do in the next 90 days. Okay. So, those things that we are going to do in the next 90 days of course need to be funded. Okay. So, where do we get that money? How do we attack the process generally? We are going to discuss that in this meeting also. If this year we are going to discuss this in this meeting. So, like I said, the general secretary sent me a registration tracker that we shall use for this time. Okay. And from that tracker, I built more or need to supplement on what Dan had sent me in his initial document. And I wanted to share it with us so that we can see what this looks like because all of us are going to be copied in it. So, first we are all new. Okay. Yeah. It's getting my room. Okay. Yeah, yeah, I'm going to get my room. Hey, that's nice. Okay, it's not for the distance we did it. Yeah. I'm going to check. Wow, really next time. Okay. Did you have a word Dan? I didn't ask him yet, but he did. But I don't mean when you're doing it. I'm doing it when you're doing it. I'm doing it when you're doing it. I'm doing it when you're doing it. I think I asked him yet, but he did. But I don't mean when you're doing it. Let me see if it's received. Is it? Would be something. What should I do? I mean, who's on the other side of the window? Who knows me? For you. Who knows for the project there? Then you show me what project. There, there's the environment. Take a whole screen. No, not screen only. Share both. There are four options, isn't it? Yeah, this is screen only. You click it. But try to do my one. Where's the remote? Not the M.I. That too. Isn't that what I use? The HDMI from screen to the computer. How much do you have to move? There you are. You bring the remote. Sometimes the ports of the HDMI are on. But it doesn't give other options.tesChoiceURGUD personalized with HDMI features sometimes OpenX iOS 5.0 control stream phone calls. OpenX iOS 2.0 I know you promoted it so much. I know you did. Watch your comedy from the TV itself. It's not a comedy. Let's see what's in there. Okay. Sure. So... Can you see? No. You can't right? Any? So these are the things we have to do guys. Identification of members. It's the first item here. That one we did it. We have our founding name. We have our own name. We have our own name. We have our own name. We have our own name. We have our own name. We have our own name. We have our own name. We have our own name. We have our founding members. Foundation meeting. We had it on the 24th. Name selection. We chose the AfroAI Commons Corporative Society. Why? Afro because this cooperative is extremely African-centred. AfroAI definitely because we are going to be doing things with AI. Comments because most of the things that we shall be doing in the cooperative will be free. Corporative Society. Address selection we are going to be using this as our address for now since we don't have our own office yet. So that was also so completed. Share holding resolution that we have been talked about. Voting of interim committee. We put it ourselves in these positions. So. We shall need you guys to tell guys that they should trust us again and they vote for us. Generation of minutes we did that with Dan for the first meeting and he's also being it for the second meeting. Obtaining society bylaws from rena bantosorities. We did that. Approved by all members signing we are 47-8% in. Actually if you guys say today I.S. and we are now above the threshold 50%. Generating financial statements of the society. We shall do that. It's a complete obtaining recommendation from the district commasher district officer. We did that already that is why we have the books. Training of appointment but we are going to have to sit again to be trained by the commasher development officer. Before the cooperative is fully registered. They should be there. Okay. But should be there. If we can have it I would prefer for us to have it because in that meeting they teach really things. The cooperative practices none of us are ever has ever had a cooperative. So for the most things that you can and won't need to have for us it's like the input that we have. So like Dan and say it's unnecessary that we have it but I would love us to have it. Application to form a cooperative with all requirements we did that. We are doing that. We are applying to be fully registered cooperative. Also we have to open a bank account. We have not opened that. We need to talk about that. Membership fees. People signing now to be the founding members of the cooperative. How much do they need to pay? Because that would also be part of the operational money that we need at the beginning. Okay. To explain it also in our position. That's a spill term. I need to add more. No, no, no, no. That will come in you. Yeah. Because it's a buy-off. It's a buy-off. When you read them they tell you that somewhere we have to indicate the numbers should be and I think they share. They share it. So do you want us to make it a bit? It's the kind of place. It's one that you share numbership and they share. It's actually a dynamic interest. Interest people. And then they also share. And remember, I'm not told this number of shares and the share they paid for. And so you determine the number, the interest fee, the value of the share. And then the minimum number of shares. So do you think that is something that we can say as a committee or should it happen? That day, that training day, where we now have learned that outside of the decision to be taken by the members. So the requirement of the members and the members are there really, the committee kind of impose that investigation by the members. The members would just verify that they... So it's to ensure that the premiums kind of. Of course, you'll be operational. So you look at it as maybe I don't know if I've not read the Constitution. So how often you think about NGOs, where all your members come. So the NGO is the government highest governing committee. So that's when those decisions are then made. You as the operating committee take these suggestions. And so we are suggesting maybe this but how much we are going to pay higher. If they agree then they vote. And that is put in the meaning that they voted on such and such a bit that the membership fee for this category will be this much. For you as the executive committee or the operations committee, you are making suggestions. Best of maybe the economic factors that you're looking at, you give several options. So I have members that are able then to agree to those things. So the original thing has to come from here, then we take it to the members and all. Yes, for you, you look at your unique suggestions. Yeah. Ideally, this is like a vote. Yeah. So like the vote will make the suggestions to its members. So we have best of the, maybe current, per capita or say the economic climate in Uganda. We think each of our members should pay maybe 30,000 a year because of NBC. And if you're a child, you're going to pay 10,000. You categorize it. So once the members have agreed, then that's when you put it into operation. You cannot make that decision yourself. Okay. Yes, that's perfect. Then you also have to spell out the benefits of being a member because you have a paid subscription. What do I get as a member? Yeah. And they are benefits to being a member of the authorities as well. The way it opportunities may be to make other organizations. So you need to think about things that, what are they saying? Things that benefit your members at the end of the day. Because I don't see why it's a problem, but it's in an organization, or a cooperative that I don't. And for, when it's a bad for, but that I don't, it's benefit for them. So they should be a catchment, a touch being a member of the government. Yeah. Okay. That's will noted by the General Secretary of the whole thing. That's perfect. I think I love that. Right? Yeah. Thank you, Rita. And then for your contributions. Application for permanent registration. We are doing that. Then, what do we want to achieve in the next 90 days? Can I talk to you? Sure. Hello. I mean, I think. So in the next 90 days, we want to have every working institution. The comment should be, we just need to be able to achieve that. We just need to be able to achieve that. Right? So I met a budget for us that I will share that we need to look through and see the depending on the budget. So, first we work on stream ownership. Let's first see what this committee is going to do. What we are going to do is we are going to have a budget of curry. What this phase we require of us, opening the society's bank account, I will talk about that. Deposit of registration and membership fees, holding the first general meeting of the society within three months of professional or professional approving approval. That we need to make sure that we do in this phase really. So as you can see what is not in, there is not much technological stuff, there is not much vision or stuff, it is really the boring shit that I really hate. But it has to be done. We can't say we do this as we are doing this in Ga. It is all of us, we shall be fighting in that direction to have the cooperative. So, this is the proposed stream ownership that I made. Our secretary will document all the minutes, trap the professional application, he is already doing that. Thank you so much. You are the one who will quote net with our gesture and all those things you already agreed to take on that. I want to thank you in front of these people. Finance secretary, guys, we need to, what the bulk will be open is. Our bulk account. I think so, trustworth is passing, we are going to answer for standing. Absence, how each other is going? No, so thank you. I understand this. I understand this, because we are going to have a process for companies and companies quite fast to compare to other companies. Dan, what do you think? The idea or the grid like me? You can tell us a little about me. If it is, it is in the narrative of my centenary. My centenary. I will start in the next day. I will start in the next day. So, convenience, then also, convenience for us, we are going to use it and also for the people that we need to use it. And centenary is the same. Yes, it is the narrative. The local bank. The local bank. The central state. The state has a cooperative. Serious, centenary, we have already developed it, but I would like to say. People are much fans of the Parisians in the Ghana, collected them up to when they had enough capital. Sorry, it is an in-monger. The capital should be shut down to start a business. Before doing that, people are still investing in it. Perhaps, perhaps, it just fits in the narrative. I agree, or not really. We are more interested in convenience. When it is like having the bank cash. So, convenience would, of course, have a story here. Yeah, only really about convenience. Maria, do you have a different opinion about your phone? So, the only part before being observed, which has very high chance of raising it. The other one, which would have been nice. It has been claimed to be living soon. Which one? Standard. Standard is existing. It would have been nice, but that is it. So, standard, standard, I hear is a young centenary bank, but pragmatic. Standard could be better for this. Maria, Absa and but standard living. Please also, Absa is too expensive. I have not agreed to extend it. I have so many requirements. So, we get standard for now. Then, Dan, do you think, maybe, if, for whatever, we can maybe have another account with centenary sometime? We can have a share of the account. Yes. We can have your shareings account in the centenary. Love, make, and rule account. We understand big things. Okay. So, do we say that we are now taking standard to be opened for now? Like, now, like, what we need? It's to be in the right now. We need to be in the right now. We need to be in the right now. We need to be in the right now. I agree. Yeah. Okay. Publicity Secretary, I heard that I talked to you before, but we need to talk about this again. I also mentioned it. We need to make this thing ready for people to understand what they are doing. Yeah. So, branding and communication are extremely important things for the communists. Like, talk to me, about other companies, like our budget business and no. I think that came to my mind actually, we were not talking about this meeting. But which I visited to do, because all of us have different followings on LinkedIn, for instance. How do we then package, where is this given the role that I have in my other life? I have one way package myself to sell communists, to people beyond our known community. So, that's something that we need, maybe for you to drop for us a small narrative. Yes, I put myself in a picture, but for us to get that attention for people beyond maybe the founding team that came to that. So, we need to think about those things. I was going to post something, but I say, let's have this meeting. To really ask, introduce ourselves, based on the roles we've been given today, but talking about communists, because you don't know who is going to see that post. That's kind of narrative that you'll push. To really add on what Rita has said, we need as very many other people, as possible. That also now goes back to the legibility that I was talking about. How does Rita talk about the communists on how LinkedIn, in a way, how people will actually get what we are doing, right? Because now the way right is not the way we are right, it's not the way done right. If done is right, it's probably looking at liquorice and big old stuff like that, which is a very important thing that we need. Maria could be talking to different people, I hear that would be talking to different people. So, I hear that we need to do something first of all. We also need, I hear that we need to be thinking about our website and then the branding equipment, like locals and stuff like that, because now we actually need to start doing that. And you say website also that is just as good as the website. So, we are talking about AMP. Yeah. Now for instance, at the end of the year, we need to link whatever we are posting to. So, as someone who is now intrigued to see what's happening on the communists page. Yeah. So, also that would be in our areas that we need. We need the pages that we have opened. Twitter, I heard, open TikTok. You find it. Yeah. I think we should have video. Yeah. Where is the percentage of this? Yeah. You are living. Yeah. I have to agree with you. We need to stick. So, our areas are, again, like I told you, you have many cooperatives in Uganda, the road streets, the publicity, the secretary, as really an important role of anything. It's normally for living out announcement and stuff. But for the communists, it's like really much different. It is one of the most important parts of the communists. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, we need, in this case, good water level, we need, is TikTok and Twitter after now? LinkedIn. LinkedIn. That's why I wrote about that. LinkedIn. LinkedIn. Very important. You are showing it. I know that. Only that you've gone to now, we have issues in the piano. But you wish, okay, how much Facebook pushes in? Yeah. Especially on this. Yes. Especially on some people. Outside the engineers. They read, I'm just about to call them, right? Exactly. Because I know that we are looking for two, one, two, one. Yes. So, I think Facebook, Instagram may be much later. I think Instagram, we need to actually be more policy. Absolutely. When you're already active, you need to be active. But for now, yeah. Of course, let's look at what they were up to. People are like LinkedIn, still there. Twitter as well. TikTok, you make, it's almost like Instagram. If you don't have the pull-up. TikTok is only a YouTube channel. It's going to be like, it's a little visual. Well, the others, you can just keep writing. Right. But TikTok, you need, if you want to write something, it has to come in a video form. And you put it on TikTok. Of course, definitely, we cannot be looking at putting text in TikTok. But then also, this brings me now to this. Because I always like, I didn't mean to you. That woman already has too much context. We can't put this for TikTok. I know it's very interesting. I know it's more interviews. Are you speaking the word explaining? Yeah, I know it's very common. Yeah, so we also need to seriously think about it. I really do not, I am failing to, like, we will come up with a real plan of how we do this. Like, do we begin Facebook until something else? Do we begin at the same time? The video is a little bit social media linked. We have led most of them, I think. What do you mean? I got you. Go to Facebook. And if you link TikTok and Instagram, then you can also have that to be all those better. And also, I think it's a little bit social. And what's up? Even what's up here? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? Yeah. And then the one we should be different would be LinkedIn. It's a bit separate, but you can always reuse the same information. Because they're different. Yeah. So if we can find out first LinkedIn, you know sometimes you just need to start. You may not have a lot of content to put here. But you just need to start. You know where you start. If you don't post for whole year, at least you've been I.A. in that game. Your name has been there. Yeah. Oh yeah. That's true. So here is how do we make during that week to week? I don't know. It needs to do with it. I don't like to talk about it. You could also be a very important person. I think we're trying to book a eye. Yes. You mean we've won show? Yeah, of course. No, but it could be both like a mind. But like, yeah. It's a virtual box. Thank you. Do you have to think about that? Yeah, but that's true. The two stages of the content creation. So this is all from what we had. Like this book. There was a few of those two if you are making a query for it. Maybe a graphic platform for any code in what are we building? So say, say, a private system to acknowledge and acknowledge. So you're going to maybe elaborate that more in one sentence. Yeah. So if it was on the fly, then it would be important for that day. So it would be across all the screen. Instagram, if you don't take the plane, it just goes with the sun. Yeah. So someone who read and scrolled like, so the two stages now, if she can help with the distribution for now, then I don't think she would have time when they expertise to go to the creation. Or the graphic. But then the creation. The creation is easy. The creation? What? The creation? First of all, it's not easy. It's not easy. And you're going to be a graphic designer. Yes. Or you're going to be a graphic designer. You guys will become a graphic provider in five minutes. So content creation is not easy for you. And I also don't want us to break our heads up with like that work. So that is why our heads are me, I'm telling you. Who would you need to know? Do we need TikTok videos? How many? What is it that you want to do? In one thing that I always want us to do with our common use, think of what we want. First, if the resources are there, what do we do? Now, then we come back to where we are now. What is it that we can do? Where do we start from? For example, if the resources were there, we would need a YouTube, then TikTok, and have podcasts first. Because this is a very complex idea. Some people ask me and when I just give them a move, I know what I have hope, hate, still. Then I see someone is really lost. And I get to know that this guy looks personically like a class. It also took me time myself. I was already interested in AI. It took me time to understand the answers. So if the manual is there, then you'll be talking about the weekly podcast with Darius, with other AI guys who are around to shed light more. You get with Alien, now I'm right. So if we're having a podcast weekly, and the thing is online, because setting up, then you already have Edgar, Edgar, the guy that worked with us there that I mean. So why they already have that capacity? If we had a plan, we needed it. Thank you. And the thing we put out now, we don't need the to have a weekly podcast. There's now very many places where we can go and access it. Yeah. So now you look at not the cost of studios. Sometimes these people are coming. There is another AI player. Of course, maybe they're not getting our vision from now. They transport you to fun. I never knew that the person who refers to talk, but they do. Yeah, so things like that. Yeah. And even that we don't have that fun in it. Then we look at the clients. And then maybe we should try to meet you. The one we had the other time, we for AI, we can be in that and then see maybe how the next six months go. We are trying to figure out how to put in it. Because there are many different reasons. I don't know how other people take it. So if you try to internalize it the way I do, and of course, subject it to the problem. Much bit of it, but I find it really important. Then the problem is that we first thought of the product, all of us. And I think, yeah, so for the product, you can understand that Smudge Chat is going to have to be the only AI agency I would student like that. But then coming with the points, now it's from yours, you need to put out this information. Yeah, we must find a platform. 100% agree with you then. Yes, yes, yes. So you were talking about website science, social media. But all these things, we then without a brand gate. For example, we don't know what kind of brand we want. What kind of brand we want. What kind of brand we want. What is the brand we want? Lovers, sisters, things. All those things are important. We used that. Because we can need to relate your work to the visual. As soon as we see blue and white, we don't even think of it. But it's when you see, that's when you make some else. So yeah, that's very important. All the videos have to have management of the most. Anything that you do, your point, the size has to be consistent. It's a very important, as a right system. So if we have open pages, we have to have that standard logo for the DP. Yeah. So here, as you guys could know me, of course, I've been working overtime. And I have, of course, that I thought about already. And I have parts of what we need. I have what the logo should be, what it means, what's all those things. But again, that does not mean that we don't need a brand gate. We do need so that my head is a window. Give me what I have. And then so that they don't have to start from zero. But I feel like it will be. So do you have a guide like that? What? A guide like that. What do you think about that? We can't use the design. Okay. Any resource we can do, anything can do awesome. We do. We do 100% everything. It's really helpful. So I'm putting what I may be doing right. I'll guide. Okay. So. I don't want to be. What does it mean? You can tell me. And I, like, if I use that, I can tell you. I know. I know. What? It means just to guide, doesn't mean that. I'm talking about the guide. The strategy, they know. I can't see what I did. Or the association I received. So I can add what we want. So do you think now we do that internally? Yes. Since I already have, like, a working thing, or anything. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. I love us. I love us. I love us. I love us. I love this. This is dope. So. Publicity. I think that's it. Vice-Chairperson. You'll be following up on the outside. By those. Continuity between settings. You'll be in charge of that. So what happens between now and the next time we sit. And you shall also be supporting me on the relations. And then for you categorically, because you're more experienced in the field that I mean, than I am working with people and stuff like that. So. Yes, I'm a chairman. And you're the first chairman. But I would love for us to be looking at each other. Like, both of us sharing like really the ship. Because I don't want to do it alone. And if there's one who will start passing by, why don't you be in order to be here? So yeah. Then myself, founding, external relationships. Looking for strategic partners, overall coordination, ninety-deaf plan, and SmartChat stay, pro. And did everything you've said. I'm not trying to take it around for a reason. We are from Canada. Canada. So, SmartChat stay. So Ritahu, I mean, we have a product called SmartChat stay. SmartChat stay is a product. It's the first product that we shall be designing for SmartChat. The upper AI command, as a cooperative, has three arms inside it. SmartChat AI solutions. This will be for designing AI products, like we've already said. The AI Mad Libraries, we shall be building AI Mad Libraries in villages in Uganda, teaching in all of our villages. So we have 70,000 villages in Uganda, so that we'll be 70,000 libraries, we shall start in Kavari, because it is in my own village. Yeah. Then we have the Atelier Collection. The Atelier Collection is something to do with coffee and luxury hospitality. A guys, we're building a luxurious stuff. So the Atelier Collection, as we shall be seeing in the future, look for now, we shall be seeing how it works, and all that stuff. And, these things will be working, because now we are after we've purchased that and stuff, all these three arms will be working simultaneously. So the AI Mad Libraries work will be going well. Smart chat work will be going well. The Atelier Collection work will be going well. Yeah. So Smart chat stay is the product we were also collecting money for it. So on that day of the 24th, we had like, with so much it can do, we explained to the members that we are there. And if we were in the village, the vision looked like the room realized that the product was kawa and needed, right? Yeah. So where are we now? For the work at the current status. Smart chat stay is now like, what's up? It's such a WhatsApp chat port. So we had made one for the VISTA resident. So it can help you checking, it can help you take you where it needs. Guest FAQs frequently asked questions, property information retrieval, households, local recommendations like around where can I eat, where can I go to charge, all those things, what's up. So those are already in the chat port right now. Trusted local service coordination. So you know chat port, if we have like an Airbnb, like your petacai, we put in your petacai. So that can like come in your Airbnb, they both be like, man, take me around, why you don't want to drop me this, and they are sorry that is working. Our Smart chat stay product now can escalate to humans. When you ask questions that it cannot answer, it is a barrage now too, escalate to the human who is, for example, in this case, a brand of this place. Conversation looking, whenever a conversation happens, we get it logged in our back end, right? So that is now, like that is what we have now. So the assistant is powered through, what the president fear the words that I'm going to reap to read now. The assistant is powered through, what the press using a retrieval based architecture connected to structured Google shits rather than had coded responses. This means property information, operational rules, frequently asked questions, and local recommendations can be updated without rewriting code. So if I came and gave you the assistant, Airbnb, if you want to change, like your local recommendations, the FuboDegai piece, you have a new block, you've got another one, it is easy now for you, the person to change. Like we wanted to make it that easy for like, normal guys to like change. Without now coming back to, of course, people are lazy, they will keep coming back to us, but we have to make sure that that is also our ceiling point. But when the owner has their dashboard, they can make changes to one. Whatever they want, yeah. So what exists today, functional infrastructure, life, what's up deployment, it is live on what's up, it is conversational, you can chat with it like you would a normal person, Google Sheets knowledge system, we have logging system, focused interactions, we have escalation capability, we have dynamic retrieval of property information, we have hospitality oriented conversation at all, it's very important, we are talking about this at powertip. How do we make sure that we host people in our ways, or to command up hosting us Africans? Okay. That was one of the things we mentioned, Maria at the founding gathering. This was designed to bring out the African hosting in our Airbnb. It's why, because for us, we believe that you do not just give a guest keys when you invite someone comes to you. Please, you, this guy knows how to cook, this guy is fake, this road has jammed at 8 a.m. because you're the one who knows. So if you would remember well, the selling point of our product was host intelligence. So we want to have the host intelligence in the product. Hosted Yara Mania, a ha-mania way, the beauty of our guests, because we believe that is very important. So it's not just the WhatsApp chat, but like, hi, how are you, whatever. Yeah, so what are the strengths of our product? Now, it works on WhatsApp, it's very important that we take this very seriously. It works on WhatsApp, strong flexibility compared to rigid flow bots. We have our local trust or service layer is emerging as a unique differentiator with our new people doing this. Real world deployment hasn't begun though. We don't have any single establishment using our product. Alitas does, responded positively, Unis used it, and they loved it. Okay? So our core insights from current testing, the current architecture is conversational, strong, but operational in mature, operationally in mature. The system was initially designed too broadly by me. So this is a critique to myself. I was already thinking of multiple properties, even though we had not decided that this thing can work on one property. So name papa, name takama, that shouldn't have happened. Number two, what shouldn't have happened? Generalize property abstraction. The properties now, when you start with the search box now, it can either be bringing you the instance residence or chassis studio, because I used to properties that should not happen. Should be specific. Should be specific. Okay? So what happened when we did this, this created operational instability, especially around properties, and identity boundary. So now it does not know which one is, that this does, which one is chassis studio. Yeah. So the key lesson we have learned, I will use this, but I have learned, we moved too quickly from a single-concierge prototype to a multi-property platform architecture, even though we had not proved that we could do it on one property. Yeah? Yeah? That is not how things should go. To Yonokaka-Kasawamo, we bust and go somewhere else. It takes time, but it is the way. So current product diagnosis, what is working, we've seen that the tone is good. It's already on one side, it can escalate to a human, it has a realistic guest-intellection capability. What needs correction? We need to clearly separate properties. So what we are going to do, what I suggest that we do. The vis-ta-is is like an anomaly in AirB and vis-in-Yuganda. Why? It is very big. Most Yugan and AirB and vis-ta-is are one or two roles. But then it is the easiest with which we get access to the first property. So me, I was thinking, already we have Tina. Tina has AirB and vis-ta-is. The ones that are now the real ones for Yuganda, one room, two rooms. So I was thinking we design, we don't need to design two different products, but design them differently. One for the vis-ta and then one for, what we did this time was trying to mix both of them in the same assistant, same number when we are WhatsApp. Watch it, Jerezza. So now we need to design one specifically for Tina and one specifically for Yulis. Okay? It's a different number. It's a different WhatsApp numbers. What do you mean? The chat one is almost like coming from a different number or would you want to design it in our work? Very as I guessed. I asked the chat when I opened, I don't know maybe that would say to... It's WhatsApp. So you get here, you find that Yulis is around. If you want to get around, if you want to know things around the house, scan this code. So Yulis can't be texted WhatsApp. So one of the reasons for WhatsApp was because of low, it's convenient, it's like everyone already uses it. So that the chat board is WhatsApp based. Okay. Then I really want to let different QR scan codes. And now when you go to Tina's property, the local is property, but when you scan, it takes you to see different WhatsApp numbers. Yes. Because now when you scan the QR code for the visa, should bring it to the visa WhatsApp number, right? I think that becomes tricky at the end of the day. Because if you go into a sign, each client wants a number. It's not a sign. Yulis can't do that. The visa... That's what Maria is asking. For instance, the visitor has a different QR code from September. Do they send you back to the same chat board or different? Different. Now that is what we did. First, that is backquiring. Now? No. Are you getting married, either? I still have no idea. Like if I come here, they scan here. Where by tips me, like the AI or the chat board should be able to sense that I am talking to you from here, from UniSense Places, right? If you scan the thing, if it's a scan from the visitors, right? Even in Tina's place, if someone scans the visitors, it should be taken to the service. Because it's scanned to the visitors, with the scan, without visitors. For the visitor, that's Tina's. That's Tina's. If you are to take more photos of that. If the visitor is not the same. Yes, if you are to take more photos of Tina's. Yes, yes. Whatever is responding, it's just an algorithm that is going to sense that QR code that you have used. It has an attachment of, okay, this is whatever Vlas. So I'm answering all that information as a chat board. I'm giving you information that concerns this particular villa in this particular area. Yeah. Yeah. Then even with UniSense Places, this particular area, this particular Airbnb, it is the ITC, it is the ITC. So when you say that you want different what's up numbers? What does that mean? Because when you're going to come here, right? You have to call Brainer, right? So Brainer has our sub number that is already being used for that role. Okay? So now when we are bringing the chat boards to the visitors, we are not asking for a new number, they don't have already. It is the number they already use. Yes. So when they connect you to Brainer, when they connect you to Brainer, when they can no longer answer your question. Because you say that we have that thing, it leads you to that human. You know, if it can be answered. So that's when Brainer's number will come in. Yes, Brainer has probably been the connecting person of these give us the directions here. We reach, they have reached the top to her. But when they are actually in that night, they are in the chat board. I need to get our board out here. And then when it can't, yeah, when it can't, that's when it will last for Brainer. Yeah, and then Brainer can get that message. That the person, that chat board can no longer do. And then that's when she comes in. But until then, the algorithm should be able to pick from the information Brainer I put on their dashboard. Yes. Right? Yes. To interact with that visitor. Yes. I don't think having the data numbers is really a problem. Because where do you find the Airbnb's people? Any social media. Whenever you find an Airbnb, there will be a number that you need to contact. So I think there is a trying to say that those numbers should now be the ones dedicated. And then if you press the notes up and you want to chat with it, then it brings it directly to the chat board. Then you can start getting the direction. So there is that we, okay, with Airbnb, I don't think Airbnb allows contacts. Contact them. They can be in between the after-year. They can be after-year. They can be after-year. But also, sometimes, you need only the Airbnb. She's not in the country, right? But the caretaker, the Brenda is around. Who's contact would ideally be? Sometimes you may have the owner's contact. That's what may be on that, on that information. But Brenda is caretaker on ground, and that information is not there. So where does that chat board then come in? So, first of all, as a chance, you're not going to get it from Airbnb. You know, maybe it's when the person arrives. And they can see that you ask an important question. So you're saying that number, there should be a touch to eat. Would be Brenda, because she's the person who comes. Okay. So are you thinking that the owner of the place would have gone through over there? Over what's now about the room? Yeah. So people will want to a touch number to eat. It would be us. Yeah, it's us. And of course, the owner still would access the dashboard. Then if Brenda had the number. So I want to have, I think it's you're chatting the board. If they take the escalates, Brenda is not picking the board. Yeah. That is attached to the board. Yes. Because the run has now my problem would be, you find that someone has three Airbnb's, but one is attached to the board. For bookings. They have to become more tricky. Now that's the question. Now that was about the question. If it's one chat board, can it now be shifted between the three places? That is now that is the information that would come from that client. What are the information? Are they logging all these three properties as one Airbnb? It would idea, it would be like, because no tin has palm or green, hazuna, gerohaz, cheer. So if you're working with Tina, her dashboard is like, but she has these relashes, these relashes, I'm just imagining what the dashboard would look like. So if I click on the end of the palm, Marina, how Marina has its own information, its own attached contact password. This also has its own information. It's almost like you have these different branches, one of them have a front house person. They all have a reception. Yes. When you call a satin number, someone will tell you, this is palm Marina. This is Nigeria, this one is this. That is what that contact person is. And even with that information, the chatboard knows that now I am picking this person as kind of a QR scan code of palm Marina. I'm giving it information regarding palm Marina. I'm going to mix up because we're all on that Tina. Yes. Okay. When you guys are talking about something, have you tried to use the chatboard? The key of the chatboard. The key of the chatboard. You should try ordering for food on WhatsApp. It asks you if you have options for location. So it could be something in the case where you have three different properties. For instance, I've scanned this code. The chatboard you ask me, are you in zero? Are you in zero? Are you in zero? Then you click what you want to know. In zero. Then that's where you get the information. Four, but the number is the same. Why chain? The full number remains the whole number. You know that I'm just going to need to do three different numbers. The number remains the same. The only difference is the location. So the chatboard is able to tell that in this location now, I will pull that information for that location. But yeah, that's the two. I said it just gives you that distinct. It gives you that smartness of that capacity. That's when you're trying to connect an interview with that. Yes, that is the plan. That is the plan really. That's really the plan. Because you're saying it's the problem, but it was mixing with that. It's such a thing. You have to go even if you're constantly in account. If you're chatting with them, they'll ask you. They'll ask you to ask you to ask if you have a business bank. Maybe you have a fluent banking. You choose Barcelona bank. You can now use the option and a Barcelona bank. You want us to call you. You want to solve this issue. So you think that the chatboard becomes more intelligent with the amount of these are elements. With the amount of information you see. But I believe in the backend you can design it in such a way that they can pick up location. Once you tap that location to that specific information, then you're able to get that every result. It doesn't confuse. I think that's... But maybe in the future, you can start with the whole option thing. But in the future, most people don't like... Most people will do smart things. You want to do something and you don't have to go through something thinking. You want things like asking a person to interview them. Yes, I don't want to get back to the options. Or they look at options. Let's say you're working with someone who has over 20 elements. I think we have already known. Yes. The whole scrolling to make something. To reduce options. Very, very nice discussions. I like the way I realize I see it. So, very good. That is the plan of the product. Operation reality is still whatever, but that is the plan of the product. That is what I had in mind when I first envisaged the product. But again, we shall have to first come back to step one, where we actually see if this actually works for one establishment. But now we're going to have two, because it's easy. So we designed two different types of products. Then two different ones for the business, then one for another one for Tina and one house. Designing both of them won't mean that we pay twice, 800, 800, no. We can still get from what we already have now to also now for Tina. You're on the code. Don't you want the code? But then, our deal that since Tina's three properties, why don't you do a dry run? Because now we have the scenarios, this person has one property, which is okay. Tina has to leave. Why don't we try to design it in a sense of what we've been talking about? So that you have, you don't have a scenario where now, you're going to start to rethinking how to add Tina's two other properties. Kasha Tamata, that is what I was explaining is, we ran direct that step because of TV Magnus, yet we... What we are saying here is the point of the product itself. I don't do archivism. Because I think then you didn't have two other codes in mind, I think of just mission that's in it. Kaya codes, no idea that I'm in mind. No, I mean, what they already, you are really cooking in the houses. I know, can't have mother's work that's going to be... And yeah, why don't you design it in such a way that you don't want to consider it one house. One or half of a century. And of course, you're considering Tina as a client with three houses. To see how it actually works with three houses. For that's that? Yes. So, as you know what you're working with, this one is okay because it's one property, one chain. But now you challenge yourself to look at Tina's property because you're not good at finding your other client to our length Tina. You get... If you get my mission, why not use Tina's houses to see if actually whatever we have come up with here? Rather than now just designing it for one house, you really have to go behind the people that game and two more houses. And now that's the thing, when we design for one house, that design is working before properties all of them. That's what I'm saying, we don't have to redesign. Because what I want us to look at, we have lessons to learn from our first customer that we do not have now is a lesson to see. As Tina and I go to you, okay, seeing three, I don't want us to run, seeing three properties yet we have not even learned from them very fast. Because now we are on version zero. We don't have a product now. You have to run to that mix sense. You have to run to it to make sense. It's V0, because it's V0. It would be V1 if Unis is already using it. So that means we know that A, it takes longer times to work in the night. Sometimes on Thursday we don't have that input. It's V0, yes, it's V0. That makes sense. Because when you work with them, because they are rooms, they have a room position different. It's one house, but it's manual. Also, yes, because the one house, now here, the ones are price differently. You get it. We have shared space. We have shared space here. So guys, operationally we are zero. The product is not being used in the market. Which we need to happen. Which we need to happen. So that we get these lessons, then we start attacking what we want to attack with return. Right? We are. So first of all, is the visits work is not viable for the first time in our country. Can it be deployed here? As it is now, it needs work. Yes. I think now that is what I want us to stop. Marie already talked about it. We've already started. The product is already 65% done. Oh, shit. Let it be an agile nature. And that is that one thing that we have with also having, like low block entry with people like you, is because it's enough that we are just starting. So for these things, we can land together only the way done. As giving it to, which we make it so hard for us to land. So, me, my thing is, we need to get the product out so that it works. Or query query. So I have to query it. But once it is attached to different numbers, different what's up number, I need to differentiate the housing. Yes, yes, yes. Problem is put as a thing. What is up number one? So, unises what's up number, brand does it will only be answering things with matching with yes, or whatever, all those things. Only the business. Then the one for comes to home. How do we get people to test them? Okay. So, revised V1 direction. No, strategic clarification first. Smart Shastay is noted if I know that it's a hospitality platform. It is currently a live operational prototype being used to learn how compositional systems behave inside real African hospitality environments. This is an important distinction. Why? The immediate goal is no longer to build a scalable hospitality AI platform. The immediate goal is to prove one property can reliably benefit from compositional guest support in real world conditions. Okay? So, before it was to build a scalable thing, but now we realized in that we have to prove that one property can reliably benefit from what we are trying to build. So, what is our revised version one direction? Immediate focus. One property at a time. What we've talked, we have to have isolated assistant environments for property. Not mixing them up. Tight operational scope. Real world usage observation. What we do not have now. Okay? So, this is this our immediate focus. These are the things that we need to focus on now. So, what shall we include in our version one? Frequently asked questions with the ARB and B. How do I get there? That's what I talk about when I mean FAQs. Check in and check out guidance. That this already has... So, that this already has this strategy. So, this is now the information that we are going to make conversation up. Right? So, it has the house rules. If you break your buy, if you open it, close it. If you turn it on, turn it off. This thing. So, I use this. Now, we could go to Tina's establishment. And for her, her voice is not like this. Right? The guitar tone is different. I have so key rules, parties and events. All these FAQs, guest limits, check in. All these other things that we want to make conversation up. Then, Wi-Fi and house rules, local recommendations, trusted contact referrals, human escalation. All these will be in V-0. In V-1, sorry. So, where does this matter strategically? The strongest emerging insight is that smart chat may become more than a chatbot. As you can see, it is a system. It is not a chatbot. It starts at a chatbot, but it is not really a chatbot. The system is beginning to function as a conversational trust infrastructure. What does that mean? Of people can trust that if I ask this thing to give me a border guide, I will get a trusted border guide. Right? If this sends me to Lexa to eat, if I look for the, if I ask to get a nearby church, I'm sure that it will direct me to the church. That some sort of a unit is put in there. For example, I cannot, no, it's not there anymore. Aha. So, the system is beginning to function as a conversational trust infrastructure and a local coordination layer. This is very important. Because now, if we, in the future, if we now make it a system, like I said, under the gathering, if we have 200 Airbnb and this, all of them with their trusted local contact, right? Tell me was the biggest log, something like that. I don't know if you know of any, even at 200 contacts we have. Like, you know that in Salam, this guy, he in Machinede, this guy, he in Tindale, this guy. So, even the things that we get from the church, one for, and for Smatch, actually, the point is not the churchhood. The churchhood is just like where we plug in, but the point is not the churchhood. Because the things that we get out of the churchhood is what is most important. What are people asking? What gets people worried? It would be very nice if we answer your question in Uganda's tourism industry. What worries an Airbnb gets the most? Who is answering that question? No one. Where do we get it from? A simple chatbot to answer questions. So, this direction may become significantly more valuable long term than generic customer support automation. However, that larger vision must emerge through this blend, operational learning, rather than pretty much your platform expansion. We have to be extremely intentional about this. Right? Do it first one time then we scale. So, what is our current priority now? Over the next phase, the focus is, stabilize one property deployment, units and probability. Observe real-case behavior. Okay? Make what I was talking about what I was asking. Identify recurring operational patterns. What are we observing from the guests that are coming to units? And the guests that are coming from tinars? And that is why I wanted us to start with two for now, since we will now want to be like what we have now, since we will be operating differently. So that now we can know, because this one attracts most diaspora visitors, the visitors. But now for tinars, it could be locals now. They were those that were young. So now we could also be able to ask a few questions about that in the future. Mula, we give it to you in Kira Mate Visachi. No, that is a question. We do not have data protection laws. But then we have, we do, but in your value, it's not as profound. Where does all this data, how are we sure that it was data is protected? That could be a potential question in the future. No, not necessarily now. No, no. Okay. No, actually, no. Yes. So how one can that be something using? Or I would just replace it and show a data protection in the mail. I know you spoke about zip-by. But yes. I think that would be my... Yes. So first, I do not like cutting something on my, that you know you need to do better than done, that is one of them. I actually need to do it before we actually really deploy how are we keeping people's data and stuff like that. So that is also one of the things to add in what we need to do. Thank you so much for bringing that up. I will write to you a memorandum about it and then data protection in the regime. And then maybe put it also compared with what in the US, European Union, those are the same things, such things and say. But usually what I know is now it's the smart chat. Maria, we are... What you want to protect is your name, is your identity. So what is not asking for your name, but you're telling it about, for example, your market preferences. We have the take-out that is really, it also survives in that market. What you call the person, they will never release your name, your identity. But let's say that she comes and is like this. Of course, yeah. But that also now brings us to a big advantage for you. Because then we can sell that data to researchers who are for instance... Yeah, as long as we don't sell the photos. That is a potential, a very big potential for money making for this entity. Because a U2B will come to you and say, you're running this series of questions in our hospitality industry. How much money do you want? One insight to this particular area. And then you're able to sell that amount of data there. Because now you're intellectual property that you're working with. And there was something else I think to say. We spoke about coffee. Yeah, coffee, yeah. Please, please people doing... Oh, let's first finish catwalk. Because my brain now... Cards run. Yes, it's run. Not like real. Sorry, my brain marks that. Not it, down here. Oh. Koka, Katsuma, Chats, Teflaka, Sheng, do we get where we are now? Right? Here is the game. Going back to what we were talking about. What? What? What we were talking about content creation. So at some point when this is done, as much as it stays done and live, we need to talk about it also. Yeah, we need to talk about it. Yeah, look at the money making. So, a U2B, a BNB and all those things. And to tell it a little bit, like we say in Urchiga, like again, like Okuna and I, the point is not the chatbot. The point is everything that comes after the chatbot. And then you are also seeing it before, because you talked to me about it. Right? Guys, the opportunity is insane. It's insane. And now we are just talking about A and B and B. We are going to design for a tail, for wrist runs. Okay, for national parks, because now we need to design, we shall be in a future. It's not to be only used, it has to be turned into, it could be the major risk-elective passes, I want to know what times they pass and what routes. But the potential question that you can add to your transportation is seen in other countries, where this chatbot actually will walk you to, sit in, this is not necessarily like Google Maps, but will give you information, maybe that you need from a hospital. He, from a school, from the ministry, what is the ministry of agriculture up to now? Who knows? No one knows. Yeah. So it could expand with time. It is the point, Twitter. It is the point. So ministry departments, hospitalities, schools, we have now done PR with whatever, Maria, what do we do? Where does the chat enter into quantity surveying, or whatever it is that we are being at the D, Valeria, you can. That's the question. I know this is the pilot. We are working with people that are in the pilot field. Have we thought about the commercialization of this particular? Eight? Yes. Now, yes. The two people you are working with, we help you, and then it's helping you to build the product. So, additionally, you're not going to chat with them for anything. But I think in terms of long time we need to start thinking, and I think this is for Maria, to start putting in perspective, because we can't give it up for free. Yeah, 100%. We can't give it up for free. So that's a question. Now, we need to start asking ourselves, based on the amount of time we're putting, the amount of money that goes into building the body itself, the products. Yes, yes. So, that's very important. And it's also something I've been thinking about myself, or I thought about. So, smart chat today is, this is an idea, I won't say last year, really. So, it is as old as that. So, there is so much that, of course, you can't put everything out, but there's so much deliberation that has gone into it, financials, whatever, all that stuff. So, even I didn't want that, because now we need to know, how much it's said, which must I did, why we need to say it, so all the things that will be bringing to your standpoint, as we move, all those things exist. So, current priority, we stabilize one property's deployment. We observe your guest behavior, we identify recurring operational patterns, we refine workflows gradually, we separate flexible AI composition from structured operational tasks, because those are quite AI-heathered by mine. So, the goal for now, for smart chat state, I repeat, should be operational proof, not scale. I think we all agree. Let's see, does this work? Is it needed? Of course. I am, of course, this is needed all of us, but we still need to see it working in the real life. Yeah, I think that's, so, pretty much it, about smart chat state. Then, so, what do we, what amount of money do we need for the next 90 days, and where shall we get that money? Yes, yes, I want to put in the committee, is about the comments and its products, and they are really, we can't feel them. It's an option. I'm saying, the comments, yes, and then the products, all of smart chat. It is a smart chat product, smart chat. It was a need to be clear in how they operate. And, personally, I wouldn't want them to operate directly and the cooperatives, so say, which way? The smart chat. Since it is a profit generative entity, and then the cooperatives, the cooperatives, it is kind of a communal, a communal idea. So, it cannot then be in the direct, or even the finding would be different, the demand of a cooperative is so different. Yes, from when you would be managing a smart chat. Do you want to make it? I don't want to make it a cooperative. I mean, to be around cooperatives, so we have now to look into its registration. Smart chat. Smart chat as a company, and then also discuss its fundraising, and what do you want for so that people, someone can know what they are doing. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. But they want to own maybe shares. Yes, in smart chat. And those guys would have to come to the common-summer might want to be in smart chat, but not in the common-summer. Yes, so that is very true. So, number one, smart chat AI solutions is going to be, that's why I never call myself CEO of smart chat AI solutions. I'm not even qualified. So, smart chat is a real AI company, like OpenAI, like Cloud, like Google. So, it is going to be led by people who are that technicalist of Skatep to run a company, like that it want to be as, right? I haven't suggested it's no change. Which no change? To now we are moving from that generative chat thing, thing that they are now going to agents. And, but it will still be chat. You will still be talking to an agent, but talking with each other. It will still be chat. But yeah, I'm down for name changes really. But my opinion is that it's, also one of the strategies should be like, at one point having an agent as smart chat, and then having all these functionalities that one either they are being used or there is what, in any field, they go, but that is what, if you remember, I understand here, on the funding gathering, I'd say, the smart chat in itself is being designed to be something like we chat. So, all these even smart chat stay, all that data return will now be a consolidated in one. So, our legal things, our hospital things, our hotels, which we show them again, it will be feeding into one parent system that gives it the real name of a smart chat. And indigenous names. Okay. Yeah, what do you guys think indigenous name for smart chat? That is a smart chat. I was trying to make the last chat, but then I put something. I love smart chat. I don't know. I hear it's a, what do you think about the name smart chat? Because it's a real smart chat, I wanted the name to be described what that thing does. Smart is generic. Yeah, it's a bit from his pure being. If you get competition in the future, they are just that they all recall smart chat. I think we've already called it. Something smart chat. You have smart chat, then they can make it SM8. Because of the, the things that you have to make. You're looking at it from the African community. Some of the principles you see and how do they make a very good point for that point. It's generic. But it doesn't matter who is carrying something, they have to be. Something in the African community. Yeah, for you, like that is something. But now you guys like put it. Because there is clean and smart talk, but generic and actually low even other issues with just adding something in the generic. For trademarks, copyrights, yeah, we might not want to, it's a smart smart. You're taking something that is already in English. Maybe you can remove the hour and put a smart deal or put an eye between S and something like that. So generic naming is the reason of it kind of not key. Or you can get that right also. It's like, you can't use a smart chat. To the side. To the seat. To the chat, we remove the smart chat. Replace it with something more in English and African. You can find Zulu. You don't have to think about it anymore. No, we are not doing about it anymore. But by the time I will just start the conversation. So wait, because I know that you also believe that. Like it's four guys that, it holds you. And you say they have it. It's not about it, but not that you do. I think they're right. It's true. So, of course we've got something to avoid. It now, yeah. Yeah, but so we have to, we have to open its company. And then, by the time we want to end it or with prices, this test, you call it visual viewer or this agent of adding from you and being to partying that. Partying, yeah. Partying to own the name. The actual code, because it can be done by one who has the idea. Yeah, but interact. So we have to partying in order with Airbnb to be pleased. So someone wants to bring something very, very similar. Mm. And if I'm not mistaken, we just, that's nice. We have that, I think, applied. So budgets, what do we need? In the next, in the next 90 days, already governance and registration and coordinating all of that. You guys, I don't know how much all of you use AI. But we need to use it. Yeah. We are the AI company. We will use it. We may use the... I know you personally already, because you will need to use it. You need to use it for the government. We use it a lot. Yeah. Good day. Okay. Number one, eventually everyone will use it. So, I mean, I use it only for the generative work. Yeah. Okay. Then, so I was thinking we shall need, because now if we are going to work as a group, we shall need to take plans to forestry use or to do government work. Mm. Yeah. So, and also we need to next store stuff on cloud wherever. So, the budget also increased, includes AI research infrastructure. So, I planned governance under gestation. I planned three million for that. I wanted to send the budget, like we really explained. I wanted to like go through this, then I sent it to explain so that. I just couldn't realize that it's getting to my mid-scientists and we actually get moving. And I do not know how to. Can I say something? Please make them show that. I'm telling all of us that. Yeah. Can I also say something? Yeah. I read, I read, I feel like I'm going to go. I first pause. Then I go back, I read, I read, I read. We really need to talk about this. Now, there is honestly, like I really try so hard to like shut in the messages because I know people don't do them. But I just do not know how to explain like some things I've been talking about. Can you, so do you, I'm actually struggling here. If you have the message, you can now tell me, if you have the message, can you send an audio version of the message? Because you know when you send a voice note, you're going to drift off in explaining. But if you just read that, it's like all that A, I would. Okay, let's buy a laptop. I'll tell you that. It could be, it could help. No, for you help, and I hope you don't read. I don't read. Tings, my hands show. Little bit. So what would you, or what would you, give me a new, you should give me a second. That is also what would be, you send long things. Hmm. Very long, I think. So how to make a copy, and I need to communicate, the things that I'm saying, the message, how do I should, and they will, talk about the gram, little more, or taking a very, very small, okay? Read that, the voice notes work for you. Hmm. Also, work for, then, and read. So, but for the budget, I can't put it in a voice note, I would say, be that, I'm thinking, I'm next to you. So we have, governor's administration. Sorry, for the budget. We had, we, let's say, like, for please, come meet me. We have a shared, access to the shared, echo, yes, you know, go go, should, you go and, you can see what's happening. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's, you know, that's, that's, that's, that's, it's only, not only, it's only, and then, for the, mainly, it will be the, it will be the, anything that's, it will be the, the suggested, just get, yeah. Cos of everything, I assume, we have more documentation, cause, like, you mentioned, you could have the, hotel in financial report, and whatever progress you're doing, you could tell it, but if something comes in, yeah. then that, that kind of, we think it is a document. So, we have our archive, as opposed to, like, if we go to a condition, you know, we just said, there's a message, oh, I want this, you could document it, so that we have, you know, a PDF, or a document, yeah. Or a picture there, or something, so that, if we, me as me, I will have, I think all of us would, ideally, have that phone and have that different phone, doesn't everything, and that's how we start to build the archive. Okay, very, that's all. I suggest that, for the, the committee group, you, you, we shouldn't have, I think, so many discussions should, because, that's why I don't read most of our book messages. It's, it's, it's difficult to really pick the message, yeah, I think that, yeah. So, I think we keep it to, the, the operations, guidelines, reports, you sent me to do this, I've done it, and I understand, I've asked it, something like that, so, so I know that, this is, this is the message I have to read, this is the group I have to check. Oh, and Ziff is, you explain it to me. And, the visual, it can go to the other group, the, the general group, and I don't even want to weigh in, in the vision, I don't know that, but for this, for, for my own, keep it to, it's a long message, but, it can go to our peak. But, I just find that, the messages, one of the messages, images, yeah. I might even miss the important one, the, the, the case, yeah. You think so too? Okay. Yeah. Oh, yeah, sorry? Yeah, yeah. So, that's the, if, subscribers, yeah, yeah. member coordination, as we finish up then the last registration that will be also put in the budget and then we also should start planning for the first general meeting that will be to happen before the famous air-bill bars sustainability reserve and all those things I will share that details income and in success is where we are going to get with money. The budget is around the lowest I put it in like low and I know it's pretty million, I think it's 58 million so we could be looking at pretty million to get in three months income funding sources we are hoping to get some money from the funding members that if I sati-key or whatever that we shall decide as for these guys we should have a membership, we should have a decided outstanding pledges we hope to get you guys pledges then funding containers contacts allocation capital from whom from contact that we believe in the work I don't know them now but I'm hoping to know them there's for a cooperative share offering I have very many friends of mine in the there's for a who I believe would want to contribute to the work if we made it eligible enough for them to understand what we are doing so as the eligible first law board helps us to get money we need to know we need to put another way of doing this work and we need funds and we look at how the funds will and stuff like that so I have I have three people from the co-denance contacts that because one for example already asked our professor already asked then how they can help you this also asked how she can help as you can as you had some if attacked well he's also really in support so what goes back to what have you know is being done we have to make sure that we are prepared to be funded even before that so what does that mean puts things in place actually have budgets we are working in that people we are not in the right place so for me I'm a big believer in if we make ourselves fundable money is what it's cost then also this look whatever concrete I also need ideas for me because now this is just my mind so we guys could be having with you which you think we can get funding in the way top you mentioned something about us for a video a few months these are months from the debt of the destruction does it have to be physical it was a movement in the sense that it's question to cut that money good question we could do it or do we say money if we don't have time to come physically that you record the meeting with it a minute and I mean that's all you might be a GM's now that's what when you put logistics that will include bringing what you do it is not easy why not save that money why not save that money for the actual product because if it's a meeting that requires us to make something to see from but not Mrs. Sir because three months I feel like one a GM is a short time it's not an a GM is it what's the destruction of going to have the first first destruction a GM which should be convened in the past three months from the debt of the destruction this purpose is to ratify the registration things in the meeting contract we have an interior committee so maybe they would want to extend its time now be there officially and vote it for you what other people so there is so much business then financial statements ratifying financial statements so you just ratify all the pre-improperation activities and now be the go and start so first then you know you can therefore be done for betraying it can be done for cherry-money problem without to submit minutes so which one is a meeting where a commercial is account is it that one maybe the training I'm talking about the training is what that is training there are two different things training is free yes that's what I'm talking about the pre I'm talking about the commercial business but the training is for five days now I as for the main team but I can assure that in the past there's not commercial so I saw the other time but like if the option has been given you see I don't want to come for a training then that would be nice but since it's a known thing I give us we would want to have it yes you guys I would want us to help the meeting why do you want and I think they mean we are trained that training a commercial officer not to be there a commercial officer so that is also now a challenge so already that is already happening because I asked the commercial officer how much because I needed like because I started making the budget how much do you need for facilitation for this meeting I've never put in a reply I've never put in a reply I asked again how much is facilitation for your team and he is the one when I want to see him in much he is the one who is interested that this meeting has to happen now it's been like months of asking anyway it doesn't matter but yeah me I would want this meeting to happen why because for me in my opinion this cooperative has to be different guys it has to be kind of different the meeting is much less or sorry they say or whatever let's have it let's have it you cannot tell me that it's a big 100% useless I would not want to believe that there are a few tricks in what is in the app yes that's a big look there's Maria and all those things they don't the other members of the cooperative know those things they don't so we shall have the meeting and also have it partially other members can attain partially other people can be there present but let's have the meeting it is required to pass by no if a lot of people don't do it let's do it if the money you gain fails I don't want to think in a scarcity mindset even before we try if the money fails to do the meeting then fine we can readjust so about the budget too does it cover both the product and yes the same can be made and the common what are we doing apart from the distribution for our common within that budget the public engagement but it's literally the district because I say the first 90 days are mostly to be destroyed to register the cooperative and the finish but the things that I needed I don't understand registration the research of which I need whatever is traditional I mean computing and for me because now we talked about the thing that we need to actually make this happen we don't have very many of those things so I'm going to break down the budget in things that we can understand so that because when it comes to smart chat I find it an easier it is an easy thing to do when the money is there we should watch it with the comments I think it's a different that's why I want I request I suggest that we have the rewards oriented and their management yes because with them when we do that we shall get to documentation like I told you and you read the manifesto whatever you might even not find what exactly we're going to do so if it's for the comments we they operative we have smart chat we have my library then at the app so we should have documentation first we have documentation for the money yeah we have a separate the money yes because the comments really are big people really big dream when it comes to my libraries actually our collection those are things that we might even want to start on in two three or five years but for for smart chat I see it's already done starting so I think in the first days we even get to anything we should have documentation yes proper documentation and it's a time-lapse time-lines if it is smart chat then we should know the budget needed for yes for that smart chat the company marketed to Europe marketed to US marketed everywhere yeah they put the amount of the money that goes into coding and everything yeah so at least then we can if you can present six documents or pass on good maybe they would say for me and for my libraries or I am going to invest in smart chat and I'm going near thank you so much then yes you're right 100% we need to divide our eyes also say it I'm like the money that came in for the beginning came into one pool okay which was both the funding gathering and smart chat and I say that should stop the comments it's comments smart chat is smart chat money so if the comments doesn't have money you have money for the product like I was doing now the money for the product that is needed to pay for who we get that should get happen because then it also helps if we find that smart chat needs say a million dollar or 500 thousand to be a top notch go to for Airbnb in the world then you go back to the comments here you want to own this product but it needs an optimization of 500 yes this so how are we doing this I still wait because you cannot have shares in a company but you haven't got you haven't put actual money to into this so then can we go as as the cooperative and maybe borrow this money can you bring funders who can maybe take out loans can you look at venture capital something like that so it will also inform how the comment is going to get this money making venture that's true that because it's not shattering we need venture capitalists now the comments are not what we venture capital is the color now they cannot they they cannot because the comments we're as the comments need patience but we can because the comments can have this take in the company as the source of code as the founders whatever technology that you have so you can have say like 20% share capital the venture capitalist who is really money into and then get shares because what they do is they put money in the company and they maybe dictate on something's like we want to point the direct I want to point the city we want to point the city people things like that then you the owner of course always you means the share in the company otherwise you would not just sold your code yeah of course then we would now need money to invest at least for the start yeah as much as the venture capitalists is starting then you can say but also smart chat as I mean the I comment we had already invested maybe like 10 000 years ago I still wrote this for that and something like that but it was back to the cost that we envisioned to invest in those money making venture and risk for now yeah yeah okay so still your point is like a difference has to be seen like what is the code is doing different for documentation the first yeah documentation figures no perfect I think time limit is so much so proposals like this proposal for the smart chat yeah proposal for AI community yeah it was the sort of thing I don't know or government turn on one to look into yeah okay yeah so important discussion to them some that I had it's envisioned for the meeting but I think from what we can see already what's to talk about is plenty and feel so do I maybe okay but that should be the first thing you know as cause guys division is big it's exciting there is money but we have to keep grounded and know that to get to speaking to venture capitalists and stuff like that is more important that we have to be so we I think that's but it's seen brand new scene smart chat stay seen I thought so that what is after we finished signing this box what happens to them what do we do because I wanted I wanted just to know that that that the process had to be a cause of the signing and I mean it's it's to us day is it very time we we take them to the city for a much in your role for a recommendation the same recommendation that he has to give us a ghostly distraught of cooperatives so that's when we take we take that recommendation the same books the photocopy of each family member ID then there's also a phone that we have to feel the the suggested signature is the outcome who also have to attach passcode size photoplasme platform so without that we make an application it's just an application it's a standard form so it just fill in the name right how many signatures do you need for that one for the very one and for that please okay so that's with the bank when you're paying the bank here the ask you need to open the transaction which person should be there for you to be okay it's possible you're responsible so in the government you just need those two minutes books the recommendation so I don't whether they have now a appart from rumour of that that's it right and the recommendation which is must be from here okay so where would you say we are with our now 50% like 30% in the 30% right it's still interesting to call 2.5 it before the government's sake they cover like with those signatures cover 80% of the rest of the what is this is mere sub-conditioning okay the only together in the commission and we submit that that means we shouldn't even take you today okay before you have that the conditionary the distribution certificate okay yeah thank you so much I appreciate that you think from you I already got it that is really nice so first what's what's decisions we are decisions that we have taken I think that will be thinking after a minute after you go five minutes we are actually not have action points for example exactly what is needed from the Airbnb the move for the smart chat that's the like it needs to be deployed so we have in here we have Christine can also maybe pass on and find other people so they proceed in what are you going to engage until you're deploying maybe to the can that's begun so those are resolutions almost everything we have not even on the fundraiser but I suggest that we first we first handle the registration of the through at least first and have that but it's a they get documentation because still you're going to go to someone but they want to know where the money is going without without documents even from your difficulty can easily explain the reason common zi it's a variety but what they have smash that needs this money for it to get more into someone will choose on where they want to see their money so yeah so we need these features before we can even get to the actual fundraiser because now the fundraiser models we at least for now we are going to approach people with the money yeah but this if we have the documentation then we can see that this can work at the Africa and in this can work at the Airbnb but still that of course registration fast so we will we will fast we fastiva of the registration budget and at least we realize that registration budget as we are working or in the documentation for exactly this in the next 90 days actually towards the other meeting the first meeting then you can have proper documentation and we'll have this time. One of the other things here is that what I thought about is the 90 days so things should be like to actually be 90 days minus 4 registration but also like the branding so sure so that's why we need to put that up in the car like I have stayed like in that budget the money is there the branding he went in the just a little bit So... It must be the name name? I'm going to say it. I'm going to say it. Those are easy. Three seconds. I'm going to say it. Those are easy. Three seconds. Also, they have been saying it. I think I've also signed out. I think I've also signed out. I think I've had to have a one-off corner high days up because that's... Are they signing minutes? Yes, cash cards are sold. I'm going to sign them. I'm going to sign them. Okay. We need to... Yeah. So I was still aware that they're ill-be. I'm not asking you. I'm not asking you. I'm not asking you. I'm not asking you. I'm not asking you. I'm not asking you. I'm not asking you. I need my file. I need my file. I need my file. I need my file. So, what do we need? Some by-law. I don't know. Some by-law. So, do we do the last Sunday of the month? Like to do? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I'm not in full control of my life. I don't know why my life is not planned. So, you should... The other thing is that meetings need a corral. So, it's just not that we all have to... If one is missing, then comments are... The meetings, the corral is three. So, do you... I could also matter, for example, if it depends on what... Something that what the meeting may need to address, it's addressing publicity. Then if the publicity person is not around, it becomes... Right, you can explain. So, should the last Sunday of January of June, we'll be 28 June? I will not be around. You know, I run to meet or around physically. So, what do we do? Of course, so, they're all different. So, those times, all, in what if I'm on the road, what if I'm in a situation where we'll be traveling to? Okay. So, we'll be ready. Websites, we'll talk about the running and talking about... But we should be upon running. In this life, in the 90 days, the year of the park, yes, yes, agree, agree. So, when do we have the next meeting? 28 without Rita? I used to. Little Rita, me or more? I tend to my feedback, but you can't discuss in the meeting one. I might not be there, but I'll make my input. So, I'll take this time. Okay, so 28? Yeah, I'll be sure, you know, it being much. Definitely. I think we should have it much, we agreed to have it much and now. That would be much. Also, like Azul Planda meetings, the agenda should be shared. So, we know that time, I look into this. That's true. That's why I should have shared the agenda that was the plan as the Friday, but then I got so busy at 4. And it's too close for my time, I'm sorry about that, but I should have shared. And I also communicated in a group that I should have, was to share. So, most of the things that we had actually for me have already been like, like decided next time for the meeting, a stand-up brand asset folder, funding archive organized, a stand-up for the finance trucker, this we shall share, create registration submission folders in documents gathered, and then let draft minutes of this sitting, and I don't know when we'll be ready with a minute. Send a live trucker, the trucker, and I'm going to send that. So, send live trucker link with a bit access to all members, I'm going to do that by Tuesday, 27. Succulate draft meetings of this sitting, I don't know when then we'll be ready with that. The registration submission folder will document gathered. That's mine. Finance trucker, first entry is recorded, Maria. Brand asset folder, funding archive organized. Here is a confirmed second sitting, we don't know about that. That's already done. Continue by those signing out, we are doing that. And then drafts a 90 day execution plan, version one for committee review. I don't know, but it's still like I have to not give it to you. It's a bit late. Yeah. This is not for my stand-up. That's hard to say. So, then this is like what I want us to do, to be a finishing. So, which is, I want us to like all say like just one thing that we've got from this proposition, it doesn't have to be about the meeting that business can't be about anything really. So, for me, what I'm going to begin first, what I'm taking from this is the work has really cut off. It is so interesting to see that the work has really kicked off. And it is nice to also see that you guys are there for us to like see this going forward and stuff. So, it is nice to know that is what I think is this meeting today. I knew what I picked is that we are going to be so rich. You're OK. There are so many figures in my hands. And obviously I could see, aside from that of course, I would see a little bit of potential in terms of all the different pieces coming together. From the perspective of international development, which you have been working for years. For me, this is so many entry points, to so many donors, to so many people who want to give us money. And yeah, I think this really has real potential. If we may take the momentum. The only challenge is if the momentum, I pray that the vision keeps alive, because studying means like this, and I'm glad you've found this really passionate about it. Because the beginning is really not easy for us to think. And usually if the founder uses more round, he comes hard for the entire thing to see that vision observed. So I pray that if my tick, I am, I take two, my tick is 16 months. But I pray that we don't use that more often. Because this component comes to food if we remain content. Yeah, I think what we have was one of the things I get to think about, that the data has quite a little potential to become a big thing. Thank you. I hear you. Especially in this part of the world. Yeah, like Africa, you can, yeah. In this part of the world where we use this, I'm not very familiar with it. So we use less than 10% of the internet. This one here, the genetic process, where I say things. Thank you. Why do you think it would be a bit... What kind of ideas are there? I think you... We know that the big phone is for conversation. Even just from the cooking, so... And I'm glad that we are starting to... Of course, when we met last time, it was you could feel that the world is really good, you know, interesting. But now, if the serious one is starting, and that means the world that we are doing now is what we look back in five years. We look back at DNA. You remember we sat here, and we talked about these things. And we walked on them, and this is very amazing. Yeah. Yes. Okay. I'm mind is that I've somehow been said that he still have a long way to go. I really acknowledge that they have what must be put in this whole thing. I always have my fears, but whenever I put to Darius, he says that I already elude, but yeah, someone was also a plus, but sometimes, this one, and I'm on a weight, but it's kind of... So whenever I worry, it's not... It's not being pessimistic, it's just that I understand the effort of the work that must go into this. So I thank you all for putting time to turn this towards the seriousness. Yeah. Because sometimes I'm walking various closely, knowing the weight and the work that has to be done. I feel that maybe as a vision there, of course, you're a scary lot, but seeing people on this level of seriousness, I don't know that people can get somewhere. Yeah. So for me, at the launch, someone said, I had someone saying that the vision, the idea is the ideas of Madness. Yeah? I don't really... Madness makes it through. And it's like that you have to really be locked in, it's like what you say. Exactly. If the moment goes low, then the whole thing falls apart. It keeps, you know, just going as we understand the vision, from your point of view, because I've been telling you, every time you give me an idea, that's that. But I've been in it today. I've not understood the point of where we're cooking, as opposed to bringing food, until we were done cooking, and we're eating and ours, understand the whole thing of community, sharing and everything. It takes all these other things that would be able to understand as well, because the vision is heavy, the concept is, it's massively, so to understand it would take time, but it would just have to be willing to put in that time, as you say, fatiguing it's a day, an hour a day. What you give, what you're kind with, as well as you give it, and as I say, as long as you start, however small you say, start with nothing, just start. Once you start, you'll be less inclined to go back, kind of, only move forward, from this point. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you guys so much. So, that is one, one richer that I would love, one that's to keep, after everything, just one thing, maybe, does it have to be bright, or anything, it's just an observation for you, in the meeting. So, thank you so much. I think that is pretty much it, for our first committee meeting, of the A.I. Commons. We'll have to keep learning, how to, first of all, I believe in this team a lot, like so much. All of you guys are different in your own way. You have different experiences, and stuff like that. And, for me to be associated with you guys, is a privilege. I take it as a privilege, because dance mind, I hear it's as mind, as mind, you guys. As we work with each other, you'll be seeing how different we are, but the fact that we can plan a deal like this, and we finish it like this, is like so, so, so, so, especially, to be honest. So, guys, please talk to each other. Talk to each other like, I don't want to be the one coordinating that things are happening in the group. No, you're saying, the publicist is not dreaming that things are supposed to be asked. I raise our money, so, let's expect those phone calls from, I'm not the one going to say, yeah, sometimes I will, sometimes I won't, someone else would be, because, like we've seen, someone else might be seeing things I am not seeing. And it is up to you now to ask, to get to know those things that you're not seeing. Katwa, Kambila, Chakaya, financial, in government, is the idea, but the one's up. Right? Yeah. So, that's it. So, let's come in. Oh, no. So, I'm so positive. I don't know, the next meeting is much of it. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not that objective.